Enumerate all considerations and simplify a few other areas (#13)
mikewest/pepc-install: README.md

Validation errors could include violations of the generally applicable [presentation restrictions][security] for permission elements, as well as data validation errors when processing the referenced manifest.

That said, developers wouldn't actually need to hook into any of those attributes for the simplest
cases: `<install></install>` and `<install installurl="..."></install>` would be sufficient for straightforward use cases of offering installation.

[pepc]: https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/
[geolocation]: https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/blob/main/geolocation_explainer.md
[mixin]: https://wicg.github.io/PEPC/permission-elements.html#permission-mixin
[security]: https://github.com/WICG/PEPC/blob/main/explainer.md#security-abuse

Design considerations
--------------

### Install by manifesturl?

Should the `installurl` attribute be supplemented with, or even replaced by, a `manifesturl` attribute? e.g. https://youtube.com/manifest.webmanifest

Issue - [Specifying manifests vs documents](https://github.com/WICG/install-element/issues/5#issuecomment-3613279651)

> Functionally, installing from a manifest file directly avoids the overhead of loading the document at `installurl` in the background, and makes it more feasible to render custom information in the button. It also reduces complexity around manifest id requirements, as the manifest file is the source of truth for an app's identity. However, it introduces a variety of additional concerns -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing from a manifest file directly avoids the overhead of loading the document at `installurl` in the background, and makes it possible to present app metadata in the button without a full page load. It also reduces complexity around manifest id requirements as the manifest file is the source of truth for an app's identity. However, it introduces a variety of additional concerns -
```

> * **Preventing manifest spoofing** - Manifests are not required to be served from the same origin as the site (e.g. CDN). To avoid spoofing, we'd need to load `start_url` in the background, and verify its manifest matches the provided attribute value. Alternatively, we could require that manifests be on the same origin.

Reviewer: Another idea to save for later: could we optimistically assume the manifest is correct, present what it is saying, then fail the install later when we do load the site if it doesn't point back to the provided manifest url? 

No changes needed in this PR. Just an idea to explore.

* **Service worker registration** - Presently, service workers are registered on page load, and the manifest file does not contain a static reference to the service worker. One possibility is requiring a `serviceworker` field in the manifest. Alternatively, if the user agent chooses to launch the app immediately after installation, that may be sufficient as the service worker would be registered on page load.

> * **Stale manifest urls** - Generally, manifest urls seem more likely to change than installurls. To avoid stale manifests, developers would need to periodically query the HTML.

Reviewer: What does it mean for a manifest url to be stale in this context?

Author: IIUC, it would be if a site moves or renames their manifest file, the developer using <install> would need to update their manifesturl attribute. This was raised by Dan, as well as Daniel Herr

>For example I might want to install youtube.com. Obviously a URL like that isn't going to change anytime soon, so I could just put that URL in the HTML. Whereas with a manifest URL I would have to periodically fetch the HTML and parse it to check whether the manifest was still at the same place.

Author: I updated this bullet point to include a bit more detail
